(Parental guidance advised for viewers under the age of 12.)
(Gimpo International
Airport)
(International Terminal)
We've arrived. Hurrah.
Which family is
at the airport today?
(Who are they?)
- Hurrah.
(Horsing around)
It's none other than
the Choo family..
It's been a while
Sa Rang.
She sure has
grown a lot.
Because we were
invited back...
for the third anniversary,
Sa Rang was able to
make great memories.
I also wanted to help
celebrate the fourth.
So, we're back.
I'm going to get ahead.
(Sa Rang sure is lovely.)
But why are they
at the airport today?
She'll be out soon.
Come over here.
Hold this up
when she arrives.
- Like daddy.
- You do it, Daddy.
(She's very excited.)
(He's even prepared
welcome drinks.)
Daddy, not yet.
Hurry, hurry.
She's here.
(Who is this person
they've been waiting for?)
They're here.
It's Sa Rang's older
cousin, Yume.
(Yume)
Okay, let's go.
Whenever they meet,
Sa Rang would fly
with excitement.
(They're always excited
when they're together.)
(That's dangerous.)
And Yume would look
after Sa Rang.
(Yume, Sa Rang's
dependable cousin)
(This dreamy duo
are like sisters.)
To Sa Rang, an only child,
Yume is like her sister.
We're here working
around a fixed schedule.
Sa Rang suggested
inviting Yume as well.
Yume agreed that she
wanted to come to Korea.
That's how we
came to invite her.
(Welcome to
Republic of Korea)
Good job.
Let's drink
the welcome drink.
It's juice.
Cheers.
Onward.
(The carbonation
is strong.)
Okay, it's time for this.
(This is Sa Rang's
welcome present.)
They're matching outfits
for us to wear.
Just wear it now.
(Are they out?)
(The fighter smiles
widely for his daughter.)
(They're adorable.)
It's so cute.
It's nice.
(The fathers melt over the
adorable transformation.)
You're so cute, Sa Rang.
You're so cute.
You're totally cute.
Yume, you're so cute too.
(Feeling shy)
Okay, let's go.
Now we're going to visit
a bunny cafe.
I've never been.
Let's go.
Let's go. Okay.
(We're going to
a bunny cafe.)
Sa Rang's tour
with Yume...
begins now.
(Sa Rang fixes
the camera's angle.)
We've departing now.
Yes, to the bunny cafe!
(Sa Rang's
Korean classroom)
How do you say
"delicious" in Korean?
"Delicious".
- Delicious?
- That's right.
Then, what's "cute"
in Korean?
Cute.
Say "awesome" in Korean.
"Awesome".
Amazing.
(Put the two
words together.)
(Then, you get, "That's
amazingly delicious".)
- Delicious.
- It's very delicious.
What's the opposite
of awesome?
Gosh.
Gosh?
Goodness.
(Following along)
(The intensive Korean
class comes to an end.)
All right. Let's go.
(It's the international
"Zero Game".)
One and two, zero.
I win.
Sa Rang, we're
at Hongdae now.
(They've arrived
at the bunny cafe.)
- Sa Rang.
- Hello.
The first stop of the tour
is the bunny cafe.
It's a place where
you can feed...
and have a great time
with bunnies.
Look over here.
They're siblings.
(The bunny brothers
welcome the lovely duo.)
Please put on the apron.
Here.
Us too?
Okay.
(The fighter's cuteness
factor goes up.)
Due to his
muscular frame...
(The apron hardly
goes around him.)
Please apply
the hand sanitizers.
Do it like this, Yume.
Rub it like this.
Like this.
(She translates for her.)
- He's so cute.
- This is a Holland Lop.
His ears come down
to his sides.
This bunny's ears
come down to the side.
It's so cute.
It's so plump.
Sa Rang, you
have to choose.
- You have to choose one.
- We have to choose...
one to pet now.
(She chooses a bunny.)
Which one do you like?
Let's pick this one.
Then, I'll pick the
droopy ears.
Then, I'll follow you.
Now that we think
about it, Sa Rang...
(She always...)
(wanted to copy her.)
She always
looked up to Yume.
(She always watched
for Yume's choices.)
I like the same one
as Yume.
(Sa Rang always
looked up to her.)
It's the same.
This one and that one.
Then, please go
sit over there.
- I'll bring them to you.
- Over there?
She said that she'll
bring them to us.
Let's go.
Over here.
Everyone, over here.
Here's a hairband.
(Bunny-ear hairband)
(Pink aprons
and bunny ears)
Give me one too.
This has to be a lie.
(They excitedly
transform into bunnies.)
Look at him.
That's so funny.
(They display
their cuteness.)
(A bunny enters.)
(It's totally her
type of thing.)
Pet it.
- It's over here.
- It's just so cute.
(She mixes up
2 languages.)
Bunny.
It doesn't bite, right.
It is calm.
(The duo has fallen
for the bunny's charms.)
It's so cute.
You want a carrot,
don't you.
(Are you copying
my speech?)
How is it, Sa Rang?
Isn't it cute?
It's so cute.
Is it cute, Yume?
It's amazingly cute.
(She uses the Korean
she learned earlier.)
Take a seat, Sa Rang.
Take a seat too, Yume.
He's telling you to sit.
There is money
inside these.
Think about what you want
and go shopping.
You can buy what you want.
Lucky.
- Thank you.
- Sa Rang.
Let's meet at
the bathhouse later.
Okay.
The lovely duo is out
to shop at Hongdae.
(There is a lot
to see here.)
(They're forever excited.)
Where do you want to go?
This is cute.
(They visit
an accessory shop.)
They choose to visit
an accessory shop.
Is this an earring?
Can you make
us earrings...
for non-pierced ears?
Then, you have to
select from these.
They're for
non-pierced ears.
Which one
should we choose?
(I've chosen you.)
Let's go.
Come inside.
Let's go inside.
I'll change these for you.
You can have some.
(It's on the house.)
It's good.
Is it good?
Then, you can have it all.
She said we can
have it all.
Sa Rang, try these on.
It looks good.
You just open this up
and put it on your ear.
It becomes like this.
It doesn't hurt, right?
Yes.
It's done. Take a look
in the mirror.
(Her loveliness
increases.)
All done.
(She's pleased.)
It's pretty.
(The duo is happy.)
Have a great day.
(Feeling embarrassed)
See you again.
The second stop
is a makeup store.
Something to tap on
would be nice.
(You're already going to
put on makeup?)
Let's surprise them.
I think a lipstick might
be better, no?
Something to look good
on our moms.
(The two kind daughters
shop for their mothers.)
(Heave-ho)
(Color test)
(Applying carefully)
(Sa Rang just
pastes it on.)
(They laugh looking
at themselves.)
It became blood.
Look, I have
blood here too.
(They're having fun...)
(instead of shopping
for their mothers.)
I mixed these
two together.
What are you doing?
(Forever happy)
Should we try calling
your mom, Yume?
Sounds good.
Mom.
- Yume.
- Mom, I'm buying this.
What are you doing?
Are you prettying up?
No, this is for you.
Is it for me?
Thank you.
How kind of you.
Are you wearing
matching outfits?
Are you idol stars?
No, we're not.
(Showing off her earrings)
(She gets to the point
and hangs up.)
Please get us one each.
One more, please.
(Paying is a
piece of cake now.)
Shopping is so much fun,
Sa Rang.
Hold on, please.
(They almost left
their items behind.)
The bathhouse is the
final part of their tour.
What is this?
- A bathhouse.
- A bathhouse?
How did she know how
to put on the key?
(She always loved
the bathhouse.)
Sa Rang used to visit
since she was young.
How cute.
(Now, she's a pro.)
You can even eat here.
Great.
(First, is the moderate
heat steam room.)
How refreshing.
This feels great.
(It's a new world.)
(They escape after
30 seconds.)
(They head to the
cold room after.)
It's the South Pole.
(Fidgeting around)
(Please save us.)
Sikhye, please.
Thank you.
Let's eat this.
Sa Rang, is this rice?
(Knocking)
(Surprise)
Here's a present.
What did you buy?
We bought two
earrings each.
- What else?
- Mom's makeup.
(Feeling proud)
What is this, Sa Rang?
(What is this item
he doesn't recognize?)
(Front bang roller)
Let's try this on Shogo.
This is for you, Shogo.
(We wish you great skin.)
Okay.
(He rubs the essence
on his skin.)
I've never done
something like this.
- You have to wait.
- You look great.
(A lip mask
becomes a nose mask.)
(He looks like
he drank too much.)
(Now, it's Sung Hoon's
makeover time.)
(Being careful)
How is it?
It's a little weird.
- What?
- It's a little weird.
Are you sure you're
Sung Hoon the fighter?
We're going to go
to a theme park tomorrow.
(A theme park?
What's the occasion?)
In just a moment...
What's going on?
(They head to where...)
(the whole Superman
family awaits.)
Sa Rang.
Yano Shiho is here.
Yano Shiho.
(Seung Jae is
feeling friendly.)
Yano Shiho.
The whole gang is here for
the fourth anniversary.
Hello.
- Say "Hello".
- Hello.
(William is cute.)
Handshake.
Isn't he cute?
The Return of Superman,
4th anniversary special.
"Love Is the
Warmest Temperature".
What is this box sitting
in Lo Hee's living room?
Guess what this is.
(What is that?)
What do you think this is?
- Let's see.
- Shall we?
It's empty.
We're going to place
items in here.
Things you don't use.
No, not you.
No, not you. You're mine.
Lo Hee.
(She expresses herself
with her whole body.)
(Daddy isn't easy
to get around.)
(While Lo Hee and her dad
is playing around...)
I've prepared this.
Let's collect some items
to give to some children.
For the show's fourth
anniversary,
we're going to do
a share drive.
We're compiling items
we don't use anymore...
and selling them
at a good price.
The profits will be used
to help children in need.
I'm going to give this
away. It's okay, right?
No, you can't.
(It helped supervise
my first steps.)
This precious cat doll...
watched over her
first steps.
Honey, look at these.
And even a fond rattler.
Gosh. It wasn't
all that long ago.
But this is mine.
Since you don't
play with that,
I plan on gifting them
to some children.
- You can't.
- Do you remember this?
You wore this
for your birthday.
- That doesn't fit now?
- Yes, they all came over.
- She's sure grown.
- Come here, Lo Hee.
Kids, come here.
(Lo Hee wore this
for a birthday party.)
Let's see how much
you've grown.
That's a top?
It's like a T-shirt now.
This used to be
a dress on you.
It used to go down
to her knees.
Lee Hee, now your
diaper is visible.
Let's sell this so others
can look cute too.
Sell them well, okay?
(The box is filled with
precious items.)
Let's pour them in.
You're giving them
all away? Really?
I'm giving the
baby dinosaur away.
- All of them, though?
- Yes.
What else, Seung Jae?
This one.
I'm going to give
all of these away.
(Meanwhile,
he's a bit worried.)
Don't look for them
later, okay?
Okay. Daddy.
(Now, what else?)
- This one too.
- That one too?
(He shared many
moments with these toys.)
(He adds a huge
fork crane toy.)
The octopus too.
Octopus?
The police car too.
And the robot.
You're giving
the robot away?
Seung Jae is
a generous angel.
The car too.
And the car?
(This little angel
enjoys giving.)
Are you happy?
This one too to sleep on.
No, not this one.
It's your pillow.
You can't. You only
have one pillow.
Should we give away
your baby books too?
Just one book.
I'll give away one.
They'll like
my gifts, right?
Yes, they'll be
extremely happy.
William is not prepared
to part with his stuff.
We have to live
doing good deeds.
We'll send good things
and lead a good life.
(In the
five siblings' box)
Surprise.
The siblings manage
to fill their box too.
- Let's sell this too.
- What?
(Gosh)
That's precious.
They even bring
Hwi Jae's stuff.
(He tests it out.)
You look like Flashman.
Go get them.
(21st century Flashman)
Hence, preparations for
the drive is complete.
It's a good day today.
It won't be just about
our items.
We'll be taking items
from our acquaintances.
We'll be distributing
the profits...
to children in need.
She has the same name
as I do.
She's So Yu Jin.
So Yu Jin.
Lo Hee, that's for sale.
Or you can buy it.
How much will do?
"How much will do?"
You guys are heavy now.
Kids. Look at me.
Am I smaller or bigger?
- You're smaller.
- Right?
(Si An, the little
grim reaper)
This man awaits
the five siblings.
(They meet Grim Reaper.)
It's Lee Dong Wook.
(The trio's uncle,
Lee Dong Wook)
- Let me whisper to you.
- Whisper to me? Why?
It doesn't feel good
to whisper, does it?
Si An, shall we be
on the same side today...
and have our revenge
on your dad?
What? Revenge?
(Si An becomes
charismatic.)
It starts now.
Hello, everyone.
It's nice to meet you.
My friend is here.
Greet him well.
(Who visited the twins
in the morning?)
- Say, "Hello."
- Hello.
Hwi Jae. Hello.
Saeng Min.
Hwi Jae.
It's Kim Saeng Min,
who is a celebrity...
at the height
of his popularity.
(He is the fairy
of bankbook.)
He was
with his girlfriend.
It's sneaky and great.
- Hello.
We could have had coffee
outside.
Hwi Jae, it's the best
to be at home.
- I would have paid.
- That's not necessary.
Instant coffee is fine.
- Instant coffee?
- Yes.
- No Americano?
- No.
We could have met outside.
Hwi Jae, I wanted
to come here.
You drive me crazy.
- Do you want more water?
- This is good.
- Do you work out?
- Yes, I do.
I am one-year junior
to your dad.
- One-year junior.
Do you know
what "Junior" means?
We went to the university
together.
Do you know
what "University" means?
(It's a piece of cake.)
We went to the university
together.
Your dad made
a lot of money back then.
He bought us tasty food.
In 1994,
he bought me,
Chung Sung Hwa,
and Shim Tae Yoon...
a lot of tasty food.
That happened years ago.
He continues to share
stories of Hwi Jae.
(What is this smell?)
You farted, right?
(Running away)
- He farted.
- My goodness.
Uncle must be surprised.
I want to pee.
You want to pee?
Go and pee.
Don't pee right there.
Come on.
He takes after you.
I can't believe how much
he takes after you.
(My goodness.)
Meanwhile, Seo Jun
is playing with tops.
Seo Eon and Seo Jun,
what are these?
- Tops.
- These are tops.
1, 2, 3, 4 rows.
You have over 25 tops.
We have 29 tops.
Do you need all of them?
How are these two
different?
All of them are different.
Is there a top you want?
Wyvern.
- Wyvern?
- Wyvern.
Wyvern?
Do you have tops at home?
We have one of these
at home.
(It belongs
to his 7-year-old son.)
We have a lot of tops.
- One?
- Yes.
(Unbelievable)
- You have one at home.
- Yes.
I stopped at here.
- I stopped at here.
- Where?
- At here.
- Tell me.
- I stopped at two tops.
- I see.
I stopped at two tops.
I buy them tops...
when they play soccer
diligently.
It's great
that you love your sons.
I will be your client.
- Hello?
For playing soccer well,
I have bought my children
one top a week.
Now, there are 29 tops
at home.
- I see.
- They want more tops.
Buy them more tops...
when they join
the national team.
(They should join
the national team first.)
Had I received a picture
of these tops,
I would have said that
it's super stupid.
This needs to be stopped.
There are too many.
You spent too much money.
I think you should use
a toy rental shop.
Seo Eon and Seo Jun,
listen.
There is a toy shop.
You give two tops
to the owner.
Then the owner lends you
the two tops...
of your liking.
How would you feel
about that?
What do you think?
Do you want to try it?
Really?
Great! Good job.
What will Saeng Min
donate?
Will you donate a coat?
Add it to the items
for donation.
I know you don't have
a lot of clothes.
- There is a funny story.
- What is it?
I don't think
it has been 20 years.
Back then, reporters
visited the celebrities...
- without permission.
- That's right.
It went to a shoot
for a commercial...
to meet Jung Woo Sung
and Ko So Young.
However, I couldn't get
an interview...
because I hadn't gotten
a permission in advance.
I must have waited
more than three hours.
I couldn't get
an interview.
I should have gotten
a permission.
Later on, I got a call...
from Jung Woo Sung's
manager.
Since I struggled
with work that day,
he gave me this coat...
as a thank you.
It's a coat
from Jung Woo Sung.
It's a funny story, right?
My friend works
at Customs Service.
Detection dog
training center.
(A stuffed animal
from his friend)
This is
from the Olympics.
Pyeongchang?
No, London.
My children grew up
with it.
London?
This is my son's favorite,
"Aesop's Fables".
Do you have
a lot of books at home?
We received books.
- We received books.
- You received books?
We tend to buy used books.
Saeng Min is super great.
Saeng Min has to go now.
He is at the height
of his popularity.
That's why you need
energy from him.
Cheer up.
Thank you.
The twins go somewhere...
after receiving energy
from Saeng Min.
(The twins are outside.)
Seo Eon and Seo Jun,
come here.
My friend is waiting
inside the school.
I have a hint.
He is very tall.
He is my friend.
(They leave to find
Dad's friend.)
(A shoot is taking place.)
(A man in a red outfit
stands out.)
Do you think the man
in a red outfit is tall?
- No.
- No?
You don't think
he is tall.
He is Heo Kyung Hwan.
You can tell even though
he is sitting down.
(Looking around)
- I found him.
- Did you find him?
- Where is he?
- He is sitting down.
Can you tell even though
he is sitting down?
subtitles ripped and synced by riri13
Who could be
the tall uncle...
they found
with their keen eyes?
(Could he be
the tall uncle?)
Hello.
Are you
Lee Hwi Jae's friend?
I am Lee Hwi Jae's friend.
- Stand up.
- Shall I stand up?
(Standing up)
He is tall.
Come here. Hello.
Let's shake hands.
- Let's shake hands.
- Say, "Hello."
- Hello.
- It's nice to meet you.
- Introduce yourself.
- That's not necessary.
I know who you are.
- What's his name?
- You are Seo Eon.
You are Seo Jun.
He is Seo Jang Hoon.
Perhaps Seo Jang Hoon
would be too hard.
Call me Uncle Dinosaur.
- Uncle Dinosaur.
- He is taller than me.
It will be easier
to remember.
He is much taller than me.
I look cute
next to him, right?
- I am...
- Dad, are you younger?
No, I am younger.
Come here.
What do you think
he did for a living?
Baseball.
There is another sport.
- What could it be?
- Tennis.
- Basketball.
- Correct.
That's right. I used to be
a basketball player.
My goodness,
they are heavy.
They are heavy now.
Look at me.
Am I short or tall?
- Short.
- I am short, right?
Uncle is too tall.
I heard that
the twins are here.
- I have a funny story.
- What?
- A funny story?
I told them to look
for my tall friend.
"How about that man
in a red outfit?"
"No."
- You were sitting down.
- He is short.
(Sad)
I used to think that
Seo Eon and Seo Jun...
have different faces.
As they grow older,
they become similar.
As babies, they had
individual looks.
(Seo Eon and Seo Jun
looked different.)
Spending time together,
they picked up...
each other's
smiles and behaviors.
Now, anyone can tell
that they are twins.
- They become similar.
- They're similar.
What do you want to be
when you grow up?
- A volleyball player.
You need to be tall
to be a volleyball player.
What do I need to do
to become tall?
To be tall,
you have to listen
to your parents.
I listened
to my parents.
- Enjoy your food.
- I enjoyed my food.
You should have tried
harder.
Enjoy your food...
and eat a lot.
Do you listen to your dad?
- Not really.
Seo Jun is honest.
Put your hand
against mine.
Seo Jun, put your hand
Let's see the difference.
Are you taller
than a giant?
- Who?
- A giant.
A giant.
- The thing is,
- He is a giant.
I need to know
what qualifies as a giant.
How tall does a giant
have to be?
Seo Jun and Seo Eon,
would you rather be
tall or short?
(I want to be tall.)
Would you rather be
as tall as me...
or him?
- Your answer is me, no?
- Stand up.
- All right.
Would you rather be
incredibly tall...
- or live...
- Seo Eon.
- Seo Jun.
- with an average height?
Would you rather be
as tall as me or him?
- Seo Jun.
- An average height?
(What will be
the twins' choice?)
You want to be
as tall as me, right?
(Jang Hoon is happy
and Kyung Hwan is sad.)
- That's right.
- In that case...
Isn't he too tall?
- No.
- Isn't he too tall?
Children want to be tall.
Why did you come here
today?
To receive gifts.
Which gifts?
- It's for the bazaar.
- Gifts for the bazaar.
I will sign
this basketball.
Sell this basketball...
at the bazaar.
I have more.
I have sunglasses.
Put them on.
- How nice!
- Look at me.
They are super great.
Seo Jun, put these on.
How cute!
- Uncle prepared a lot.
- They are soft, right?
Sell these items
at the bazaar, okay?
Uncle Dinosaur, thank you.
- All right.
- We will sell them well.
We will sell them well.
Lo Hee, Mom's friend...
will give us items
for the bazaar.
We are going
to receive them.
Which friend of mine
will it be?
Let's go down the stairs.
One.
- 2, 3, 4.
(They arrive
at the hair salon.)
Who will it be?
Yu Jin!
Hello. Hello.
- Hello. Hello.
- Lo Hee! Hello.
- Say hello to her.
- Hello.
Hello.
- You became prettier.
- Lo Hee.
Her name is similar
to mine.
- What is her name?
- Kim Yu Jin.
(Kim Yu Jin)
- Yu Jin is right.
- Kim is my last name.
She is So Yu Jin.
- So Yu Jin.
- That's right.
How old is she?
- She is 30 months old.
- 30 months old.
I am hungry.
Dad, I am hungry.
- She can speak very well.
- Are you hungry?
I am hungry. I am hungry.
- Where did you get that?
- You have a baby.
I know.
Congratulations on having
many children.
Is it a boy or a girl?
Which one do you prefer?
I heard somewhere that
your husband wants a son.
My husband?
Yes.
At first, he did.
Now, he fell
for his daughter.
He dotes on
his daughter.
He wants
another daughter.
(She laughs
when his dad cooks.)
It's funny to see
black pasta, right?
Is it fun to see it
get cooked?
(The father and daughter
are loving.)
I hope you have
a daughter.
My husband is hoping
for a daughter.
- Let's hope for one.
- Men want daughters.
I brought gifts.
What are these?
You always give me gifts.
Ever since I was single,
Yu Jin gave me gifts.
She made the skirt
Lo Hee is wearing.
We are busy.
- It suits her well.
- It's so pretty.
- The skirt is so pretty.
- Thank goodness.
- Are these the items?
- Yes.
The size is all different.
- They are for the bazaar.
- Yes.
- Look at this.
- It's so pretty.
These clothes are
too small for Yong Hee.
How cute!
Children only wear them
once or twice...
- because they grow up.
- That's right.
Clothes for a son
look different.
- They do, right?
- Yes.
Organizing them made...
- my heart melt.
- It brings back memories.
- When my son was a baby,
- This one is cute.
he wore these clothes.
- They are so cute.
- How pretty!
It's something
Yong Hee wore as a baby.
What is that?
Yong Hee used this a lot.
Now, he is too tall.
It only comes up to here.
- It comes up to here.
- Babies use this...
to carry
their belongings...
- at picnics.
- It's pretty.
It's pretty.
How cute!
I want to carry it.
(I want to carry it.)
You can carry it.
I think it might be
too small for you.
- It's her size.
- She can still carry it.
Mom, look at this.
How cute!
Lo Hee,
we need to sell it.
- You can buy it.
- We need to sell it.
She can't buy it.
- Do you want it?
- Yes.
Ask Aunt Yu Jin
how much it is.
How much do you need?
"How much do you need?"
(Hold on.)
How much do you need?
(It's a famous line
by Won Bin.)
How much do you need?
(How much do you need?)
"How much do you need?"
Kiss me 100 times.
(You are hilarious.)
Seo Hyun used it
when she was a baby.
Isn't it cute?
Children love
this cat character.
(Seo Hyun's backpack
is pink.)
Lo Hee would like
that one better.
- Lo Hee.
- Yes?
There is a backpack
with a cat.
It's not a cat.
It's Hello Kitty.
- That's right.
- Kitty.
Kitty.
- Lo Hee, which one...
- It's not Kitty.
- It's Hello Kitty.
- All right.
Which one
do you like better?
Tiger.
You like tiger better.
(I knew it.)
Seo Hyun loves
pink, yellow,
- and princesses.
- She is feminine.
She dressed up
and does this...
- in front of the mirror.
- How cute!
She doesn't do that.
- Really?
- She doesn't do that.
- How fascinating!
- I hope...
I didn't raise her
like a boy.
Dad, come here.
Come here, Dad.
What are you doing?
(She is testing
the tiger suitcase.)
Where are you going,
Lo Hee?
Are you going on a trip?
Yes, I am going on a trip.
(Cute and cheerful)
She is going somewhere
with the tiger suitcase.
It became Lo Hee's.
(I will go on a walk.)
Don't you get
morning sickness?
Morning sickness?
I don't like
the smell of fish.
I am envious.
- You want a second child.
- Yes, I do.
It would be nice to have
another second child.
2 children are better
than 1 child.
- They play together.
- You need siblings.
That's right.
I have four children.
They play well together.
(Yong Hee plays well
with his sister.)
Since Lo Hee is
by herself,
I wonder how she will be
if she has a sibling.
That's right.
Do you want
a boy or a girl?
- You want 2 daughters.
- I want 2 daughters.
My parents had
two daughters.
It's nice to have
a sister.
Whether it's a boy
or a girl doesn't matter.
You should work out.
I had three children
when I wasn't working out.
You need to work out.
I am worried.
You must work out.
I feel like I will give
birth when I cough.
- Really?
- Say, "I am back."
(She tests the suitcase
and comes back.)
- Thank you.
- You brought many items.
- No, I didn't.
- How pretty!
You brought many items.
- Are they okay?
- Thank you so much.
I am glad
these are enough.
- We will sell them well.
- It's for a good cause.
I hope these items help.
(At that moment)
- Hello.
(Girls say hello to them.)
Hello.
(They run into GFriend.)
- Lo Hee.
- Hello, we are GFriend.
- Hello.
Lo Hee. Lo Hee.
It's hard to meet
these girls.
It's harder to meet
Lo Hee.
Hello.
We often watch
"The Return of Superman".
- That's right.
- Hello, Lo Hee.
Lo Hee, these girls...
sing and dance prettily.
Do you know our songs?
She has no idea.
We can sing her a song.
We will sing you a song,
Lo Hee.
- Let's go.
(They have a live concert
in a hair salon.)
(Flustered)
- From today on
- It's a good song, right?
- How cute!
She liked it.
- I like your songs.
- Really?
- Thank you.
- She loves them.
- I am serious.
- Thank you.
When I was young,
I was in "Truth Game"...
as the little S.E.S.
You mean the TV program,
"Truth Game".
Yes.
(They share a connection.)
(She wanted to be
the next S.E.S.)
Shin B, who wanted to be
the next S.E.S...
met with Eugene,
the original fairy.
(Shin B realized
her dream.)
I really wanted
to meet you.
I danced
to "I'm Your Girl".
Thank you.
(It's a heartwarming
meeting.)
I see.
We have snacks in the car.
Would you like some?
It's as big as
a double-decker bus.
It's big.
(They bring out
a bundle of snacks.)
She carries a lot of
snacks.
- Lo Hee.
- Where is jelly?
Do you like this?
Do you like jelly?
There is grape jelly.
I want to eat this.
- Do you want to eat this?
- Yes.
Please open it.
- Shall I open it?
- How cute!
Please open it.
Do you want it now?
Yes. I want to eat two.
Here.
Put it in your bag.
- There are other jellies.
- How about this one?
It's very delicious.
It's grape jelly.
- Good job.
- There is another one.
- Do you want that too?
- It's grape jelly.
Here you go.
She is taking her share.
You have enough, right?
Let's go now.
This is mine.
Lo Hee, say, "Thank you."
- Thank you.
I love you.
- We love you.
- Lo Hee, say,
- "Let's go, GFriend!"
- Would you do that?
Let's go, GFriend.
- Let's go.
- Thank you.
- Thank you. Let's go.
- Let's go.
- High five.
- Lo Hee,
- My goodness.
I will show you
when they are on TV.
- Bye, Lo Hee.
- Bye.
Thank you.
- Thank you.
I will cheer for you.
- Bye.
- My goodness.
- Baby!
She is prettier
than she is on TV.
Let's show this to Dad.
All right.
Lo Hee, you got
a lot of jellies.
- Snacks.
- Let's run.
- Are you happy?
Yes, I am happy.
What is Seung Jae up to?
(He is waiting
for someone.)
(When will she come?)
Seung Jae,
a pretty girl will come.
Who do you think
she will be?
A girl with long hair.
A pretty girl
with long hair?
Will it be someone
Seung Jae wants?
(She is hiding
behind a dinosaur toy.)
(Peeking)
(Who is she?)
Hello, Seung Jae.
- Hello.
(The charming girl
is here.)
(She has
different charms.)
It's Sun Mi who is back
with a charismatic song.
(The beautiful girl crush,
Sun Mi)
Seung Jae.
- Did you enjoy France?
- Yes, I did.
- You were at Paris.
- This is Tyrannosaurus.
Seung Jae. Seung Jae.
(How will Seung Jae
react?)
Seung Jae. Seung Jae.
(It's a dinosaur.)
This is Tyrannosaurus.
He is like this
about dinosaurs.
I heard that he likes
dinosaurs.
That's why I bought it.
It's so big!
I have another gift.
What is it?
These are sneakers
you wanted.
Thank you.
How pretty!
Do you like them?
(They are cool, Dad.)
Let's put them on.
Seung Jae, are they cool?
- Yes.
- Light came on.
- Why won't it change?
- Let's see.
(Children love
sneakers with light.)
The color needs to change.
It's green.
Which color do you want
for your right foot?
- Blue.
- Blue?
- Aren't they cool?
- They are cool.
(He becomes absorbed
in the sneakers.)
(Bang!)
Sun Mi.
Give me a kiss.
(Thank you, pretty girl.)
How cute! My goodness.
(Ji Yong can't believe
he kissed so readily.)
Seung Jae,
- is Aunt pretty?
- Seung Jae.
Is Aunt pretty?
Am I pretty?
(Should I say it or not?)
Are you pondering?
(What is his conclusion?)
- She is pretty.
- I see.
She is the prettiest.
- My goodness.
- She is this pretty.
- This pretty?
Who is prettier,
Mom or Sun Mi?
(Who is prettier,
Mom or Sun Mi?)
(The time has come.)
Sun Mi.
- Mom will be very sad.
- If you say that,
you will get scolded
by your mom.
You will get scolded
Who is prettier,
Mom or Sun Mi?
Sun Mi.
Is Sun Mi prettier?
(Sun Mi)
- Am I pretty?
- What is her profession?
(Let's see.)
(Curious and expectant)
What takes you so long?
What is her profession?
An angel.
- An angel.
- Is she an angel?
Seung Jae, my goodness.
Thank you.
You are the handsomest.
You are so handsome,
Seung Jae.
(Her compliments
make him blush.)
Would you give me
a bite of ice cream?
(He shares
without hesitation.)
It's so tasty.
- It's so tasty.
- You give readily to her.
You never give me food.
- Give your dad a bite.
- Give me a bite.
(He shakes his head.)
- I don't want it.
- Give me another bite.
(I can't believe you,
Seung Jae.)
I can't believe you,
Seung Jae.
I am a singer.
You have listened
to her song...
in the car.
(Have I listened
to her song?)
- I can do the Gun Dance.
- What is that?
Do you want me
to show you?
Watch carefully.
(Gun Dance from "Gashina")
It goes like this.
(He copies it similarly.)
(Aim, shoot.)
(It's the cameraman's
lucky day.)
Did you see Uncle fall?
(Shooting)
(Ji Yong is excluded.)
(The singer of the past
copies the dance.)
That's right.
(The idol of the past
tries his best.)
That's right.
This is awkward.
That's how you do it.
- What is this?
- Guess what it is.
What is this?
I heard the bazaar
is for a good cause.
- What is this?
- It's a purse...
- I used to carry.
- Is this makeup?
It's like a clutch.
These are sunglasses.
Put them on.
Shall I do that?
- How do I look?
- Does she look pretty?
(She has swag.)
- How does she look?
- How do I look?
She is pretty.
You like her a lot.
- What is this?
- It contains earrings.
- Thank you.
- Please use them...
- for a good cause.
- Thank you very much.
We will sell
the items well.
Okay. Sell them well,
Seung Jae.
I will get going now.
See you again.
How cute!
When we meet again,
I will love you.
- What?
- I will love you.
- Will you love me?
- Yes.
William and Sam
are still asleep.
(Kicking)
Hey, stop.
(He thrashes
out of boredom.)
(Sighing)
Sam looks uncomfortable.
(What happened to Sam?)
Sam is recovering from
a gallbladder removal.
(Is Dad sick?)
Let's go.
(He climbs down the bed.)
(Screaming)
(William explores
the living room.)
Something catches
William's attention.
(He spots the target.)
They are potatoes
Yoo Mi prepared for Sam.
(Does Dad like potatoes?)
Dad.
(Eat this.)
What is that?
Is it for me?
Give it to me.
(Eating)
(Let me taste it first.)
Hey.
Isn't that what
Mom made for me?
(You are right.)
Are you going to eat
all of it?
Give it to me.
Thank you. William.
I don't have
a gallbladder.
You are not interested,
are you?
Do you want some?
It's tasty.
(He shouts in joy.)
Is it tasty?
(Munching)
I like it.
I like it a lot.
(Screaming)
What is going on?
- Dad.
- What?
Hurry up.
What?
Did you say
I am the best?
- Dad.
- Yes?
What is it?
(William picks up
a diaper.)
Do you need
your diaper changed?
(He brings
his own diaper.)
Good job.
Let's change your diaper.
(Leave the task to Dad.)
You peed a lot.
Put your pants on.
(Where are my clothes?)
He brings his own outfit.
(His mom prepared
his outfit in advance.)
What a nice boy.
Do you want to wear that?
Look at you.
Do you want to wear this?
(Hurry. I want
to wear it now.)
Hey.
William, don't you think
you're too cute?
Yes, William!
He's the most
adorable baby.
Here comes William.
You're making my heart
race as always.
(It's the white
bottom of a duck.)
(He flaps as if
he wants to fly.)
(Let us...)
(scream!)
William, don't you think
you're too cute?
William.
(He imitates a duck.)
(Imitating a motorcycle)
(He demonstrates
his best, special skill.)
William, don't you
like my beard?
Yes.
Here comes my beard.
(Shouting in joy)
(He cheers whenever
he touches the beard.)
(William can't get enough
of his dad's beard.)
But I'm going
to shave my beard today.
I must since your sibling
will be born soon.
Before I shave it off,
I really wanted
to try this, William.
Tell me what you think
about it.
Aren't these pretty?
(Flowers?)
These days,
when hipsters...
grow their beard out,
they put them in here.
(Hipsters are youngsters
with unique fashion.)
This is the flowery beard
that is getting popular...
among fashion enthusiasts.
Sam is going to try this?
(He's arranging
flowers in his beard.)
(He wants to go out with
a bang before the shave.)
William, put them
in for me.
No, not in my mouth.
Where? Here?
Beard and mouth are
two different things.
(Biting)
(Gosh, you're
hurting my hand.)
Stop putting them
in my mouth.
(How does Sam look
with flowers?)
Sam's flowery beard
is finished.
This looks a bit odd,
but it looks pretty.
(Oh, my! My dad
looks interesting.)
Don't you like it?
Don't you like my beard?
Why are you taking
them out?
I took it out.
1, 2, 3.
Clicking. Clicking.
(He took a selfie
to record this moment.)
It's time to say goodbye
to his beard.
How will Sam
look afterward?
Bye.
(Bye, my beard.)
What a shame.
(He's sad to let it go.)
(William, the duck,
is swimming.)
(Shouting)
(Is he trying
to do planks?)
William is looking
at things upside down.
At that age,
babies enjoy...
looking at things
upside down.
Seo Jun. Look at you.
(He puts his head down on
the floor like William.)
(He starts to look
the world upside down.)
(William is
full of curiosity.)
William, is it fun to see
things upside down?
(The world upside down
is fun and intriguing.)
(The doghouse seems...)
(pretty nice upside down.)
Hey, William.
(No!)
William.
Come.
Come here. Something
has changed about me.
William, aren't you
curious of the change?
(How did his look change?)
(Pulling)
(Giggling)
(Ta-da)
(Sam looks neat,
but slightly empty.)
The beard you like
is gone, isn't it?
Sam, you look much
younger than before!
Give me a kiss.
(He feels awkward and
unfamiliar with his face.)
(William, please
give me a kiss.)
(Punching)
What was that?
(He slaps
Sam's empty chin.)
(He keeps on playing
with Sam.)
Stop hitting me.
(Grinning)
My gosh. Give me a kiss.
(William got used
to Sam's new look.)
William, shall we go out?
- Let's go.
- Do you want to go?
Okay. Let's go.
Let's get going.
Can you knock? Knock.
(Where are they going
with the box?)
Knock, knock, knock.
Hello?
- Who is this?
- Are you Donald Duck?
- Hello.
- Hi.
(They are hip hop
artist couple.)
- Hi.
- Thanks for inviting me.
- Who is that? Hello.
- This is...
William.
- Oh, my goodness!
- Hello.
Two of most famous hip
hop artists got married.
Their marriage garnered
a lot of attention.
They are parents
of Jordan.
(It's a hip hop family
with a 10-year-old kid.)
- He's so handsome.
- Hi.
Hello, come here, please.
Give me a hand.
Hello.
- You'll keep saying hi?
- Hi.
- My gosh.
- Thank you for your help.
- Don't mention it.
For the fourth anniversary
special,
we're holding a bazaar.
- I see.
- We're having a bazaar.
I heard you were
willing to donate.
- My pleasure.
- Thank you.
We didn't get
to prepare a lot.
I heard you regularly make
donations like saints.
No, we are not saints.
Good deeds are
second nature to them.
Thank you
for your participation.
Mi Rae usually takes
initiates about that.
And I just
follow her lead.
Hello.
Where are you going?
- Come here.
- Come to this spot.
- My gosh.
- Hi.
He's so cute.
I guess he's comfortable.
(He made himself at home.)
- Hey, you.
- Studio.
- William, no. It's dirty.
- What's that?
- That's dirty.
- Jump.
- Come here.
(Mi Rae goes along
with his dance.)
Tell her that
you love her.
- He got excited.
- What's up with him?
Let's shake hands.
Thank you.
(That wasn't much.)
William, shake her hands.
Shake her hands.
(He turns into a softie.)
You don't like it?
- Hello.
- Who is he?
- Let's see.
- Come this way.
Where are you going?
He runs around
as if it's his home.
(William starts
playing hide and seek.)
William.
(Chuckling)
- Stop it.
- His mother...
William, come here.
- I'm his fan.
- Really?
Our whole family was
excited about his visit.
- I came to see William.
- Seriously?
All right. Wait a second.
Hey, you.
Hang on a second. William.
William, come back.
I have something
to show you.
Hey, what's this?
(Provoking his curiosity)
What is this?
(What? What is it?)
- It's William!
- There.
(He goes into the box.)
William is the present!
- I should buy William.
- Yes!
All right. William.
(Revving)
I'm donating William?
Wait. I can't
give him away.
- Can't I keep him?
- Sorry?
(That's a good idea.)
Do you want
to play together?
(They take out
what they prepared.)
We wanted to give
Mi Rae's hats away.
You can take ones
with pictures kids like.
(It's a toy dinosaur
Jordan used to play with.)
- What is this?
- A dinosaur!
William.
William, are you scared?
Are you scared?
(No, there's no way.)
(Flinching)
(He says hello
swallowing his fear.)
Are you scared?
Is it scary? Okay.
- Thank you.
- This.
- William, let's...
- Good job.
Let's take this too.
(Super Market)
I will sell
all of these and...
- use it for a good cause.
- Thank you.
- Thanks for the chance.
- Don't mention it.
- Thank you.
- Now...
- He's not going, is it?
William should
get going. I'm sorry.
- Do you not want to go?
- If you invite us,
- we'll come back.
- He can't go.
- Please come by often.
- Visit us often.
- I love you, William.
- Say, "Love you too."
Give her a kiss.
(Kissing)
(On an average day...)
Let's go.
Hold my hands.
(These people showed
up out of the blue.)
He resembles someone
we are familiar with.
It's Lee Dong Wook, uncle
of the three siblings.
Doesn't the outfit
resemble Grim Reaper's?
(I don't remember
my previous life.)
(Si An
with sorrowful eyes.)
(I feel awkward
in this outfit.)
(Mr. Grim Reaper,
Dong Gook, not Dong Wook)
(Come out Goblin,
I'll be your bride.)
(Goblin bride,
Seol Eun Tak)
How is the weather today?
"Because it was
a good day..."
"Because it wasn't
We're here to see
the goblin.
Si An. You look
really sharp today.
- Over there.
- What is that?
- Is that the list?
- No.
- It's the death list.
My name's not on there,
is it?
Whose name is on it?
It's here.
I think we're here.
We should go in
before he does.
I'm so embarrassed
right now.
However, someone's
already waiting inside...
for the kids to come.
It's Grim Reaper,
Lee Dong Wook.
(Their forever uncle,
actor Lee Dong Wook)
Will they remember me?
I can't tell
every time I see them.
- I'll go in.
- Okay.
(Are they here?)
(He's getting nervous.)
- Is it here?
- Call for him.
- See where he is.
- Uncle.
He's right here!
(Laughing)
Yes, I'm here.
(They had an exciting
first meeting.)
The first meeting gave
them butterflies.
(What's wrong
with you guys?)
I'm Lee Dong Wook.
Our names are similar.
- Yes.
Lee Dong Gook?
(Sometimes,
Dong Wook had it tough.)
(He loves the children.)
(He came back
like a present.)
(They're always happy
to see this uncle.)
- Si An.
- Hello.
- It's been a while.
What's with the hat?
We dressed up as you
since we're meeting.
Hey, Si An.
Why are you wearing this?
- Finger flicks.
- Finger flicks?
- Why?
- You have to say...
- his name right.
- Is that so?
Should I call him
Si An from now?
He knows his name well.
- Uncle.
- How do we look?
What do you think?
It's embarrassing.
I was really embarrassed.
Wow, Si An.
- You look cool.
- Uncle Dong Wook...
You were in a gift box.
- Yes, I was.
- Yes.
- Do you remember?
- When Soo A fell,
- you held her.
- That's right.
- Do you remember that?
- Yes.
Do you remember any
happy moments with me?
- I don't know.
(Are you serious?)
What about you?
What was memorable?
I don't know either.
(I thought
we were happy...)
(That's why you should be
nicer to us.)
Should we get Dong Wook
to try this?
He'll ruin his hair
if he puts it on.
- I'll do it for you.
- My gosh.
- It looks different.
- Right?
(Grim Reaper is back.)
(She's smiling so much.)
Hey, Seol A. Your eyes
have hearts coming out.
What's wrong with you?
You're not like this
when you're with me.
Seol A and Soo A
look more like...
your wife now.
- Really?
- They're getting pretty.
They're bigger now.
How long has it been?
I went to visit after
the drama finished.
- Maybe 6 to 7 months ago.
- We moved.
Yes,
I heard from your wife.
Thanks to the show,
they got close.
It's so nice to see.
(Si An saw something.)
- Take this out.
- Take it out?
- What is it?
- You can't look.
Do you want me
to take it out for you?
- Take it out.
- Take it out for me.
How do you use it?
(Nervous)
(Ta-da!)
How do you use it?
Soo A drew it.
Can I show everyone?
Can I show it
to the camera?
Is it okay?
What is this?
(It's more abstract
than a Picasso.)
- It's a heart.
Is it a heart? Like this?
It's a heart.
- Is it a heart?
- There are three hearts.
- Soo A drew it.
- Soo A drew it?
(Thank you, Soo A.)
- Thank you.
- What about mine?
I don't have it.
- There is only one.
- Just one?
Then you should
give it to me.
(I don't know.)
What is this?
- What is that?
- I don't have it.
You don't?
Si An, you're so good
at talking now.
He can speak English too.
Can you speak in English?
- What's your name?
- My name is Si An.
(My name is Si An.)
How old are you?
I'm four.
See? You can take him
to Paris now.
He's better than me.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5,
6, 7, 8, 9, 10,
11, 12,
13...
- What?
He's unsure.
You got it right.
Good job.
- Great job. Si An.
- Good job.
When did you learn that?
How do you say white
in English?
- Isn't it?
- White.
White?
That's wrong.
- We have to be natural.
- Uncle Dong Gook.
(He's counting
in Chinese now.)
1, 2, 3, 4, 5,
6, 7, 8, 9, 10.
He should go to China.
- His pronunciation.
- 1, 2, 3, 4...
It's here.
Look at that.
It's Si An's favorite.
(There are various meats
and seafood.)
Can you use
chopsticks well?
Can you use them well now?
Yes. Look at this.
- I only need one.
- Really?
Si An, can you use it too?
- Yes.
- You can get flicked.
Tofu. Try picking it up
with your chopsticks.
The tofu. Tofu.
- Pick up the tofu.
- Yes.
(It's not easy
even for an adult.)
You'll get a finger flick
if you can't get it.
You have 10 seconds.
- 1, 2, 3...
- No.
(It's finally starting.)
Dad, don't do that!
- Stop!
- Don't do that!
(Surprised)
Si An, does your dad
always bully you?
- Does he?
- Yes.
Do you want me to be
on your team today?
Shall we take
our revenge on him?
(Let me talk into
your ear.)
Si An.
- Whisper.
- Whisper? Why?
(Are they sharing
a secret?)
(Peeved)
(What's going on?)
Guys.
It doesn't feel good
when they whisper, right?
- Right?
- You don't know?
It's not good for men
to whisper.
(What are they
talking about?)
- Sausage?
- Sausage.
He whispered "sausage"
in my ear.
What is that?
Dad stole and ate
my sausage.
I stole his sausage once.
He still remembers?
(They're so sweet.)
- Sausage.
- I don't want it.
- Sausage. Sausage.
- You don't want this?
(I want to whisper
to Dong Wook too.)
Si An, what should I
give to Dong Wook?
- My teacher.
- Your teacher?
- Beef?
- Beef? Thank you.
- It's hot.
- What else?
What else should I eat?
- Shrimp.
- Shrimp?
Wow. It's hard to peel.
- Chicken.
- Chicken too?
Chicken too.
Thank you.
- Next.
- What about Dad?
- What should I eat?
- What should he eat?
(This looks good.)
- Dad.
- One?
Do you want Dad
to eat this?
Yes.
What should he eat?
(It's a piece of
bell pepper.)
Soo A, what should I eat?
- Kimchi.
- Kimchi?
But you like
eating kimchi.
- What about meat?
- Okay.
You gave Dong Wook
so much.
Should we give Dad
some chicken?
- Yes.
- He should have some.
- I'll eat too.
- Okay.
- Thank you for the food.
(Have some of this.)
(The twins are busy
caring for Dong Wook.)
Is that for me?
Isn't the chili spicy?
(Here's another one.)
- Again?
- You should have more.
(He's getting
too many wraps.)
Uncle.
(Have one of mine too.)
This is a chicken wing.
(Seol A invented
a new kind of wrap.)
(Dong Wook is
still eating it all.)
(Proud)
(Si An is picking up
a lettuce.)
He's an expert
at making wraps.
- Do it like this.
- Make me one.
- Spider. Spider.
- Do you like this?
- Yes, I like it.
- Where did the spider go?
But we don't put in
the whole thing at once.
(He's putting a chili
on the lettuce.)
(Finished)
Is that it?
What about meat?
Do I get any?
You don't...
like meat.
(Since when?)
You should
dip it in a sauce.
Salt and soy sauce?
Ssamjang?
Should I eat it?
- Here.
- You'll drop it.
(Eating)
I think it'll be spicy.
Is it spicy?
(He's acting like
it's not spicy.)
Si An.
Si An, you should
give him meat too.
- Here's water.
- It's spicy.
Give him a wrap.
It's okay.
(Dong Gook is jealous
regardless.)
You never make it for me.
What is that?
What is that face?
Move,
I have to watch the news.
(Quivering)
(His charisma made
Lee Soon Jae turn away.)
They look
exactly the same.
Make a wrap for me.
(I'm no longer
the gentle Si An.)
Give it to Dad,
so he can be healthy.
I never ate garlic
or chili in my life.
I sang the gulping song
yesterday.
Do you remember?
Yes, the gulping song?
("Gulping Song"
by Lee Si An)
Okay.
(Gulp and gulp)
(It's a song dedicated
to picky eaters.)
(Now, eat it.)
(He's so persistent.)
(While Si An is
preoccupied...)
(He's acting like
he ate it.)
(Hiding)
Thank you, Si An.
I ate it.
Open up.
He didn't eat it.
It's in his hand.
(Guilty)
- Hurry up and eat it.
- I'm sorry.
Let me apologize.
I'm sorry
I always make fun of you.
Don't give me this
with innocent eyes.
It's scary.
Is it because of the hat?
It's because of the hat.
Hurry up and eat it.
Let me dip it
in something.
- This one?
- Yes.
(He's eating the chili.)
Something else?
Another one?
Do you like chili?
(You can't have
leftovers.)
(My goodness...)
This chili is so spicy.
(He can feel
the spiciness.)
It's super spicy.
(Si An got his revenge
against his dad.)
Don't make fun of
Si An anymore.
Okay, I won't make fun.
I'll just joke.
No.
- No.
Si An,
you got your revenge.
Give me five.
Did you two plan this
while whispering?
No, no. Yes.
Uncle Dong Wook
went on a trip...
to Paris.
And his pictures are...
such a hit.
He won the hearts of
Parisians too.
I think we should
learn poses from him.
Right?
Ask him to teach you.
- Pose.
- How should you pose?
- Like this.
- Good.
Great. I like
the look in your eyes.
That's good.
That's the right look.
Yes. That's it.
Keep going.
What is that?
Why are you so mad?
Look to the front.
Imagine a red carpet
in front of you.
There are many cameras...
and a lot of people.
You can smile, right?
Smile.
Great. Smile like that...
then put up
your right hand.
Then you wave like this.
You have to wave.
The important part is,
you have to turn.
Look this way too.
This way.
Look to the front.
Look this way. Great.
Yes.
You have to keep smiling.
Keep that smile on.
(Hello everyone,
what a great day.)
Si An, don't you have
to go pee?
- Should we go?
- Yes, go ahead.
Let's go.
I have to go too.
Can you get down?
Jump. Jump!
Let's take this off first.
Let's take it off first.
Do you remember
when I changed you?
- Yes.
- You remember that?
Do you remember peeing
right after I changed you?
Yes.
See? He peed.
Inexperienced Dong Wook
and Si An's first meeting.
All done.
(It's his sisters'
pink diaper.)
(Farting)
Si An, are you pooping?
Si An grew up so much.
- I don't wear a diaper.
- You don't?
- No.
- Let's pee.
Can you pee?
What do I do?
How do we do this?
Here, go ahead. Go on.
(Dong Wook can't
help but laugh.)
- Good job.
- Finished.
Are you done?
(Giggling)
Why are you laughing?
All done.
Try flushing it yourself.
Okay.
Good job. High-five.
High-five. Good job.
(They spent
a friendly time.)
- Do you feel good?
- Yes.
You don't wear
a diaper anymore.
I'm an adult now, right?
Are you an adult?
Hold me.
I got really heavy.
Are you heavy?
Should you be the one
to say that?
Yes, you're heavy.
- I'm proud of you.
- Get up.
Do you want me
to get up?
You can pee by yourself.
I'm proud of you.
You're a big boy now.
- Dad.
- Give me a kiss.
(Kissing)
Thank you.
We're holding a bazaar
for our fourth year.
I prepared for that
in advance.
- He'll give us something.
- Yes.
These are the clothes
I've worn before.
(Jackets and coats
he wore)
I prepared jackets.
Since it's winter,
this is a coat.
- It's from the drama.
- It changes.
Yes, it changes like this.
- That's so cool.
- It's the soundtrack CD.
The other actors are busy,
so it's just my autograph.
- How do I look?
- It's great.
(Dong Gook is
being greedy.)
Dad looks cool.
It looks good on him.
He should buy it.
How do you do it again?
Look once.
- Look once. This way?
- Look once,
- then bend your knees.
- My knees?
- Bend your knees.
Why do my knees
have a gap?
Whoever buys these
will be very happy.
- Thank you, Dong Wook.
- It's nothing.
Give me a kiss.
- Say thank you.
- Thank you.
- Thank you, thank you.
- Si An, you too.
- Thank you.
- Say thank you.
Thank you.
(4th anniversary bazaar)
Our families and friends
donated goods.
After collecting them
one by one,
it's finally the day of
the bazaar.
(It's a clear autumn day.)
(Lo Hee's family is
here first.)
People are riding it.
Wow, there are people
riding it.
(Lifts are going across
the skies.)
It must be a ride.
- Yes. Do you want to try?
- Yes.
I'll let you ride it
later.
I want to ride it now.
We can't. It's too far.
Let's ride it later.
I want to ride it now...
Do you want to go now?
Let's go.
You're going to leave
without seeing flowers?
I don't want to see.
Let's go.
Do you want to leave?
(I'm not going to look.)
What is that?
Should we take a picture?
- No.
- Why not?
Then will you
take my picture?
- Yes.
- Okay.
- Dad, get up.
- Get up?
(The photographer is
in the photo zone.)
(Snapping)
(She doesn't care
about her subject.)
Lo Hee,
you have to lift it.
Lo Hee puts her subject
outside of the frame.
It's fantastic.
We must be first.
No one is here.
- Why isn't anyone here?
- I don't know.
No one's here...
Why aren't they here?
Who do you miss?
Who do you want to see?
Si An!
Do you want to see
Si An first?
(He doesn't care.)
Si An.
Say,
"Love will come back."
Great.
Seo Jun! Seo Eon!
You're making a lady
wait too long!
Who is that?
(It's William.)
Give this to Lo Hee.
Go give it to her.
- Give it to Lo Hee.
- Hello, William.
Take it. Take it.
Thank you.
(You didn't have to...)
Say hello, William.
Where are you going?
(He's leaving
after handing the flower.)
Hey, you.
Hey. How can you leave
after saying hello...
and just giving her
the present?
She'll think
you're the mailman.
My name is Kim Lo Hee.
Nice to meet you.
William, did you hear her?
What is your name?
Dad.
(I hear sounds.)
(The crow's cries are
ringing.)
What is that sound?
(Crowing)
(William is off again.)
William, who is that?
(Who is this?)
You have to say hello
to Uncle Hwi Jae.
- Hello.
- They're here.
- Are you a zombie?
- Hello, Seo Eon.
Hi, William.
- William, say hello.
- It's been a while.
Hello, William.
- Hello.
- Lo Hee.
- High-five.
- Is everything well?
Are you sick anywhere?
Okay.
William, show uncle
how you do it.
Do what?
Hulk. Show him Hulk.
Hulk. How do you do it?
(Ripping)
(Let's go, power!)
Is that Hulk?
Lo Hee,
do you know his name?
- Who is that?
- Seo Eon.
(Embarrassed)
Seung Jae is here.
Seung Jae! Be careful!
Seo Jun.
(I missed you.)
Hello.
(I missed you,
Seo Eon.)
(Come into my arms!)
(Surprised)
(You can't watch
without being moved.)
- Hello.
(Familiar faces are
gathering.)
- Hello.
- Seung Jae.
- Have you been well?
- Who did you wait for?
I was waiting for Seo Eon.
Were you waiting for
Seo Eon?
I was waiting for Seo Jun
to visit my house.
You were waiting for him
at home?
I'm going to run and play.
Okay, go play.
(Flapping)
(Let's play together!)
I'm the first place.
I think you're...
the second between us.
Racing game...
- Let's go.
- Be careful!
You have to watch out.
Are you okay?
Okay?
(Seung Jae,
are you all right?)
Do you see my cut?
(Look at my injury.)
You'll get better
in no time.
I'm going
to put on a bandage.
You're so brave.
Thank you.
(Giggling)
- Seung Jae...
- Give me your hand.
got a cut on his hand.
Why do you get so happy
when you talk to girls?
There.
(Seo Jun found something
in the bush.)
Dad!
(It's a small apple.)
Dad, look at this.
William, do you know
what this is?
What is it?
- Apple...
- You like apples.
(Of course!)
- He loves it.
- Are you Harry Potter?
(He's holding a stick.)
- Show us.
- Are you a wizard?
William.
He's into "Star Wars"
these days.
- What?
- He likes "Star Wars".
- Already?
- Yes.
(Automatic bounces)
(What's wrong with him?)
(William Bader is
going around the field.)
(I'm your baby.)
- Dad.
- Are we missing someone?
Who?
Si An.
Si An, Seol A, and Soo A?
At the same time,
the three of them are...
waiting for
another family.
(Si An!)
I'm Si An.
Who is this man
in a peculiar outfit?
(It's none other
than Choo Sung Hoon.)
It's Sung Hoon
and Sa Rang.
(Sa Rang is
a young lady now.)
He's full of charisma
as always.
(They're back.)
- Hello.
Hello, Si An.
- Gosh. Hello.
- Hello.
Hello. Have you been well?
(It's been a year
since they last met.)
Sa Rang,
do you remember them?
Do you? Who are they?
- Si An.
- You remember them.
Do you remember us,
Si An?
- I'm Si An.
- What?
- He's Si An.
- Si An?
Is he Si An?
Where's your dad?
- Dad...
- He went for soccer.
Did he go for soccer?
When is he coming?
Just my dad.
Let's hold hands, Sa Rang.
(I want
to hold her hand too.)
Okay, let's go.
(Scratching)
Here.
(The girls are
walking side by side.)
- I'm tired.
- Already?
Do you want me
to hold you?
Walk a little bit.
Should I hold you?
Here.
Is he going
to carry Si An like that?
A fighter is
sure different.
(Si An is so lucky.)
(Si An is light
like a clutch.)
(There is a man
holding Si An.)
- What is it?
- Who is that?
- Go say hello.
- Who is it?
- Who is that?
- What's going on?
(The twins, Si An,
and Sa Rang are here.)
What is this? Sa Rang!
(They're confused
at Sa Rang's appearance.)
Yano Shiho is here.
Hello, Yano Shiho.
Yano Shiho.
Nice to meet you.
- Sa Rang!
- It's Si An.
Show me Si An.
Let's go see him. Come on.
Let's go see Si An.
(Lo Hee, I'm here!)
Yano Shiho.
(Who are
all these people?)
- Hello.
- Yano Shiho!
- Sa Rang!
Yano Shiho!
(They're having fun.)
Mom!
You look
just like your mom.
Yano Shiho.
(It's been long
since they last met.)
Is it your first time
meeting him?
- Yes.
- Have you been well?
That's Ko Ji Yong.
- Nice to meet you.
- Have you met?
- Yes.
- You did, right?
- What about Sam?
- It's our first time.
Is it your first time?
- Nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you too.
He's an original member.
- Hello.
- Good.
- I'm Seung Jae.
- Okay.
Nice to meet you.
- Lo Hee, let's go.
- Hello.
- Say hello.
Hello.
- Okay, let's sit.
- Sit down.
Let's all sit down.
Seol A, Soo A, you too.
Si An, sit down.
Isn't he cute?
- Shake hands.
- Shake on it.
Isn't he cute?
- Sit down. Seol A, Soo A.
- Sit here.
Who knows
what day it is today?
Me!
- Seo Eon.
- Sunday.
Sunday? Sit down.
Sit down.
(It's not wrong...)
(It's funny the more
he thinks about it.)
- Here!
- What day is it?
- Yes, Sa Rang.
- Fourth anniversary.
Fourth anniversary.
Today, we're celebrating
the fourth anniversary.
- Let's clap.
- Clap.
(Congratulations
on the fourth year.)
- William, clap.
- The fourth birthday.
- Clap.
(Congratulations)
Next week,
our bazaar will open.
(Super market will open!)
The clothes show
how much the kids grew.
There are precious toys
for sale too.
(This is the same one
at my house.)
(Si An is here.)
(The kids are excited
to see their toys.)
Let's sell a lot today.
(The market is open!)
(Their first customer is
here.)
(I'm trying to sell
something. Come here.)
(Is it possible
to try this on?)
(Surprised)
(No...)
Who is
this suspicious customer?
(This is 50 cents.)
- That's 50 cents?
- Yes.
(I think that's
too expensive.)
(Selling products is
hard work.)
(This time,
It's a foreign person.)
It only gets worse.
Now they have a customer
who is a foreigner.
(I can only say one thing
in English.)
(However, they must
continue to sell.)
(Up, up!)
Will they finish
the bazaar...
without a problem?